boyfriend thinks I'm punching
so need you to clear that one up
another episode of why men should not be allowed podcasts
bro who looks like a toe actually thinks that his gorgeous
stunning girlfriend is punching and tells her that firstly
huge red flag and should never think he's better than you
should always think that you're hotter than him
should always be begging for you and your divine Supreme goddessness
unacceptable are you dating a man who thinks he's hotter than you
uh it's a red flag because he is telling you you're punching to keep you down
to hold you back
to project his own insecurities onto you
so you think this is the best he's ever gonna get
he gets the upper hand you don't leave
he gets control podcast bros enabling each other
this goes back to the point
men protect other men men like this protect other men like this
they're all ugly they're ugly cause their personalities are poo
their judgement is poor and their intelligence is sub par
these podcast bros are wrong and wrong
I'm pretty sure that they think they're giving this one to him
they've declared he is better looking than his girlfriend
which is objectively untrue
firstly because beauty is objective
secondly because it's untrue
I don't care
she's just she's just more gorgeous than he will ever be
I'm pretty sure that her weight has something to do with their judgement
which is disgusting fatphobic
gross objectifying she is stunning
he is below average secondly
why do you have a podcast where you're just like
propping up gross men
who are making gross judgement about their gorgeous girlfriends
I don't know why I said secondly
cause I've got a lot of different points to make
and I don't know which one I'm up to
I'm very annoyed what these men are actually doing here though
I wanna get serious is they're protecting patriarchy
they're simping for patriarchy
they're protecting the patriarch
they'll say they're protecting women
like not in this context but they will go away and they'll be like
these are kinda men that will be like
I protect women I love women
I love and respect women
I have a mother and I've always loved women ever since I had a mother
protect the women no
cause at the first chance you get
here is a woman who is asking for your help and support
because she knows the patriarchy
she's been defiled by the patriarchy
and she wants to seek assurance from the patriarchy to get it
which is another conversation
speaking that this guy is not only ugly but a red flag
and they're deciding to side with him
you hate women and you relish the opportunity
you relish the opportunity
men as the objective gaze
men as the objective answer for the objective truth on whether I'm good enough
whether I'm beautiful no
men pretending that they're looking at this with any ounce of rationality
no they are simping for the patriarchy
they are approving his message girls
if your boyfriend says shit like this
don't go to other men for their opinion
because if they're not gonna give it to you
they are looking for approval from other men and other men only
they do not care about your approval
and if they get to say that he is punching
which that she is punching and he is he is the hotter one
then they also get to be the hotter one all the time
because they're all ugly and mean and have poo personalities
and they need other men
to approve of that so that they can keep getting away with dating beautiful
gorgeous stunning smart
courageous bold
loyal friendly
funny women they maintain the status quo this way
that's how they do it that's how they get off
they get to maintain an illusion by setting a standard that's false
they present as true and it is false
they set a standard they set an expectation
men have been doing it for time
memorial for each other intergenerationally setting a low standard
so that they can all keep getting away with it
they exploit us they want us to keep thinking that we're shit
they want us to keep thinking that we're not as hot as them
they don't want us to find our divine beauty within blah
blah blah
they want us to keep thinking we owe them something
cause if we find our true power
we understand it we know it
we work it we're no longer as useful to them
so this my friends
is patriarchy upholding patriarchy in action stay safe